---
layout: post
title: A Taxonomy of Office Pongers
---

## The Crab
The crab plants his legs squarely, knees bent, feet square. Hands are up and
ready in a defensive position. When the paddle rises to meet the ball, the off
hand lowers: the body must remain in balance. The crab can not be defeated by
guile, one must use speed to pierce his shell.

## The Flash
The flash burns hot. She surges forward, always forward, never back never to the
side. Her forehand sizzles, so play to the backhand and wait her out. Pray that the
forehand misses your face.

## The Trebuchet
Cousin to the flash, The trebuchet plays cheerfully. His returns are straight and measured. The trebuchet is patient. He knows that good things come to those who wait. When one such good thing comes -- a ball delivered to his good hand at, say, medium height, medium-high velocity -- the trebuchet is ready. His windup begins at the hip, the bat dips down, low and lower, below the table, his body ratcheting itself into place until every sinew twangs under tension. He then unfurls, looping his bat back and around until it reaches shoulder height. He catches the ball perfectly or he misses it entirely. Either way he isn't conscious of the result until he picks himself off the floor in the distant corner where his follow through has deposited him and sees a ball sized furrow in the table, the floor, the far wall, or possibly his opponents chest. The trebuchet is a very desirable opponent, because while he is easy to beat, you can feel genuine pride in having survived the challenge.

## The Old Man
When you play against The Old Man, you feel constantly in control. Your opponent
possesses no remarkable physical gifts, no exceptional shot making ability,
nothing to make you break a sweat. Then you look up and realize that it is game point and
you are down by seven. She (for yes, it is 2014, the Old Man can be a woman)  
